
Covid-19 and 5G: the ultimate Cabal weapons of mass destruction. However, did you know that the SARS-CoV2 virus has never been isolated and thus never proven to exist? According to the scientific facts, Covid-19 is just another flu. So how come the entire world shut down? What was so different this time, compared with other flu seasons? It sure weren’t the number of casualties! Even the CDC and the WHO have admitted that more people died of the 2018 flu than of this one. So what happened? Everything was premeditated, maybe that’s the saddest and scariest thing of all. Let’s take a look at the role of the MSM, of Bill Gates and the WHO, and see why this one got so out of hand…
Part 19
Covid-19:
The Midazolam Murders

</s>

“Politicians abuse and murder children”, say FBI chief and witnesses
child abuse officials
INTERNATIONAL

The following comprehensive evidence report was prepared in collaboration with lawyers, doctors and scientists all over the world. The author of this report has personal contact with most of the eyewitnesses and victims, and is able to call them forward to testify whenever needed. 

The author works with the U.S. Constitutional Law Group, who have put more corrupt judges, politicians and law enforcement officers behind bars than anyone else in the world. If you are a lawyer, judge, doctor, scientist or politician yourself who wants to help tackle this evil, then we invite you to join our international network. Contact us using the button below.
CONTACT US
Witnesses Confirm
Abuse by the Government
child abuse government

Could it be true that our top politicians, celebrities, royal families, police, military, judiciary etc. are involved in abuse, torture and murder of children? 

An avalanche of evidence is flooding our world, showing that something unspeakably gruesome is going on in our societies. From the US secret services CIA, FBI and NSA, former executives have stepped forward to declare that this is happening on a large scale, all over the world. They reveal organized worldwide networks that are trafficking millions of children, to the rich and powerful. Most children are sold as "toys" to abuse at will, while others are sacrificed during satanic rituals.

In this report you can listen to eyewitnesses, surviving victims, jurists, law enforcement officers, former directors of secret services, etc. from all over the world. These people don’t know each other, some are from Europe, others from Australia, England or the USA, yet they all say the exact same things. Their testimonies agree in every detail.

I invite every honest person to not look away, but have the courage to listen to what is being revealed. 

If it’s true that the highest members of our government, military, police, judiciary, royalty, finance, etc. are involved in the organized ritual abuse and murder of children, than that is beyond a doubt the worst evil in this world…. and it has to be stopped.
ritueel misbruik overheid arrestatie

Several testimonies were given before the International Tribunal on Crimes by Church and State (ITCCS). In response to these eyewitness statements, teams from the ITCCS in cooperation with local police made 19 arrests and freed 8 children. Mass graves of children were also discovered. 

See evidence in the report below.
The History of Child sacrifice

The idea of ritual abuse and murder of children by government officials, sounds like madness to many of us. Therefore, I will briefly explain the historical reality of this horrific practice. After all, it has been prevalent from time immemorial in many cultures, all over the world.

Below you see an etching titled "The Sacrifice of the King's Firstborn". The Native American governments of Florida sacrificed a child, in front of European pioneers ("America" 1599, by Theodore De Bry).

This was also common in South America, for example with the Aztecs. The authorities sacrificed children to their demonic gods. The child cut open is visible at the bottom of the image.
child sacrifice south america

Below is a rendering of the ritual slaughter of children in India, once again carried out by the government...

Children were murdered in various cultures as a sacrifice to a so-called "god" or in fact dark entity called Bäal, Moloch or Molek. This idol is depicted as a man with the head of a bull. He was worshipped by the Canaanites, the Phoenicians and the Babylonians, among others. Even today, children are sacrificed to this demonic entity.
baal child

Moloch is mentioned several times in the Bible, as well as in many historical writings of antiquity:

    ‘They built the high places of Baal that are in the Valley of Ben-hinnom to make their sons and their daughters pass through the fire to Molech, which I had not commanded them, nor had it entered My mind that they should do this abomination'
    - Jeremiah 32:35

    ‘They even sacrificed their sons and their daughters to the demons, and shed innocent blood, the blood of their sons and their daughters whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan; And the land was defiled with the blood.'
    - Psalms 106:37

Children were thrown alive into burning ovens, into the belly of Moloch.
moloch fire

There were also idols with outstretched hands, which were made glowing hot, as shown in the bottom right of this image. Inside the hollow statue was a furnace, which was heated until the hands became white-hot. Then the children were placed in it. This was accompanied by loud music and singing to drown out the children's screams.

Even in the Middle Ages, the torture and sacrifice of children was still common, as shown in the images below.
child sacrifice middle ages

Child sacrifice was also a common practice in Africa. The drawing below shows how colonists witnessed these atrocities.
africa sacrifice

The rise of the Christian faith, which focuses on care for the weak, brought an end to these public atrocities in the Western world. However, high-ranking figures in society continued to carry on these practices in secret.
Child Sacrifice Is The Way
To Power & Wealth

The first testimony comes from former top businessman in finance Ronald Bernard. This man operated in the upper echelons of the financial world, trading large sums of money for the wealthy elite. At some point he received an offer to acquire unlimited wealth himself. However, there was one condition:

he had to put his conscience in the freezer, at - 100°. Then all doors would swing open for him.

As it turned out, he was invited to participate in the satanic ritual abuse and murder of children. To his dismay, he discovered that this is a practice characteristic of the upper echelons of our world. It is the ticket to unlimited wealth. Bernard stepped out of this perverse world of ruthless lust for power at all costs. Please listen to his story...
ronald bernard

RONALD BERNARD
FINANCIAL ELITE INSIDER
<
Ronald Bernard testifies how he was invited into the upper echelons of society to participate in the ritual abuse and murder of children. Then, for him, all doors to wealth and power would open.
Make sure to watch this life changing testimony.
Royalty Organizes Child Murders

Ronald Bernard's revelation is confirmed by the shocking testimony from a former jurist within the Dutch judiciary: Anne Marie van Blijenburgh. She testified in 2014 how she was present three times at meetings, where children were raped and murdered on a stage. Her testimony was given before the Tribunal for Crimes by Church and State (ITCCS), founded by human rights activist Kevin Annett. Today that tribunal no longer exists, as Annett now focuses on fighting for the rights of Canada's indigenous people. However, at the time of the tribunal, several testimonies were recorded about ritual abuse and murder by the government.

According to this jurist, the rape and murder of children was funded by none other than Beatrix, the former Queen of the Netherlands, and attended by the heads of the military, judiciary, religion, media, education, etc.
anne marie van blijenburgh

ANNE MARIE VAN BLIJENBURGH
FORMER JURIST
Anne Marie van Blijenburgh testifies how she was present three times at ritual abuse and murder of children, by members of the Dutch royal family and the top of politics, the judiciary and other dignitaries.

“My name is Anne Marie van Blijenburgh. I have been married to Kees van Korlaar for 24 years. Together with his 3 brothers, Kees van Korlaar formed a criminal organization called the Octopus Syndicate (this is another term in the Netherlands for Ndrangheta, a crime network linked to the Italian Mafia). They are still active from 1960 until today."

    "By order of Queen Beatrix, they recruited children who were tortured, raped and murdered in front of an audience. These children were arranged through juvenile detention centers in the Netherlands."

In a recent interview Kevin Annett of the former ITCCS said that a witness who worked at a juvenile detention center had also come forward and confirmed Van Blijenburgh's story. According to this witness, Queen Beatrix ordered children to be transferred or employed within the royal palace, after which they disappeared without a trace each time.

    "In Zwolle, the child was taken from the train station by the criminals and brought to a building that looked completely like a real hotel, but was not operational as a hotel, although there were people in the lobby pretending it was a hotel."

    "The child was given something to drink and with that drink was drugged. Next to the hotel was a building where the performance was to take place. In that building people sat down and at some point the child was brought in by the criminals. It was tortured, raped and brutally murdered in front of the spectators."

According to the witness, the Korlaar brothers organized the massacres at the request of Queen Beatrix, who also financed the whole thing.

The people that Van Blijenburgh mentions are George Soros, Ministers of Justice, chairman for the Council for the Judiciary; former commander of the army; a judge and the Presidente of the court in Amsterdam; the current prime minister; and so on.

All high ranking people from the government, military, judiciary, media,...

In this case they were all from the Netherlands, but the testimonies below show this is happening in many countries worldwide: UK, Canada, Australia, USA, France, Germany, etc. 

Ernst Hirsch Ballin
former Minister of Justice

Mr. Van den Emster 
former president for the Council for the Judiciary

Dick Berlijn
Former Army Commander

Geert Wilders
Member of Parliament and political leader of the Party For Freedom

Mark Rutte
the current Minister President of the Netherlands

    "There were always about fifty people when I was taken there. I was taken there three times. Each time I was there, I saw that a child was killed. I saw that two boys and a girl were killed. They came from detention centers and were recruited in the way I just described."

Van Blijenburgh says she approached the newspaper de Telegraaf over a decade ago to bring out this story. The journalist spoke to all the youth detention centers and confirmed that children were indeed selected, who were supposed to work at the court of Queen Beatrix. Apparently, however, staff at these juvenile detention centers had become suspicious after a while, because nothing was ever heard from these children again.

This journalist was even jokingly told that Queen Beatrix apparently ate them, because these children - each time after they were put on the train to Zwolle - disappeared with their files without a trace.

The witness says she knows where the bodies were dumped. "They were first thrown into a refrigerated container that was behind the building. After a number of 'performances' this container was taken to Belgium where they had a piece of land, where the bodies were buried in a mass grave." In the October 15, 2016 interview, Kevin Annett later says he and the witness had been at the location of one of these mass graves.

Van Blijenburgh wants nothing more than to see the criminals involved locked up for life. She says she has reported the crimes to authorities since 2004, but each agency refused to investigate the case.

    "I talked to every police officer I could find, every justice official, I informed Interpol about this, I even went to court to see if I could find a prosecutor who could investigate the case. The court told me that it was not my problem. It was society's problem and the court did not want to order the prosecutor to investigate."


"I have done literally everything to get this cleared up. I have the idea that everything was sabotaged because Queen Beatrix and the courts were involved. Every time someone wanted to investigate the case, they were tapped on the shoulder and told, "Don't do this, because Queen Beatrix doesn't want it."

Van Blijenburgh expresses being very, very angry.

    "If you had seen what I saw ... it will always stay with me. I can't get it off my mind, because it's one of the cruelest things I've ever seen. It's horrible, it's really horrible. The idiots."

She says she was drugged by her then-husband and taken to these performances. On her way back home, a 70-mile drive, she regained her senses and realized she had just witnessed the murder of a child. She burst into tears. Her husband was behind the wheel and put his arm around her and said:

    "Don't worry, those are children from a disadvantaged family, they are orphans, they are scum, it doesn't matter that they were murdered."

According to Van Blijenburgh, her ex-husband is still involved in such killings. "When you realize how many people have been murdered since 2004,... it's been 10 years, they kill maybe 10 to 20 children a year, if not more. It's horrible.

"I told the police about four places in the Netherlands used as mass graves. Never, never did any police officer bother to go and look."
Top Fashion Model Abused
By The Elite

The third eyewitness is Nathalie Augustina. For years she was a highly sought after top model, working with major fashion brands such as Dior, Cartier, Issey Miyake, Chanel, Armani, Comme des Garçon. Nathalie attracted the attention of high ranking politicians, tycoons, famous actors like Keanu Reeves and celebrities like Julio Iglesias and Jeffrey Epstein.

By members of some of the richest families of this world and members of royal houses, she was regularly drugged for sex parties of the elite and raped by many of them.

In 2018, she revealed her story in the book 'NATHALIE - Confessions of a Top Model' (only available in Dutch). This she wrote together with the well-known investigative journalist Robin de Ruiter. This astute researcher already predicted the entire corona pandemic in detail in 2008 (!), in his book 'The Corona Crisis'.

NATHALIE AUGUSTINA
FORMER TOP FASHION MODEL
Nathalie Augustina testifies about organized systematic sexual abuse of children by the royal family, and the top political, judicial, police, and military officials.
Please listen to this brave lady!

Nathalie grew up an orphan and was placed in a pedophile foster family. These people regularly took her, along with many other children, to the government headquarters in The Hague. There are underground rooms called the 'sex cellar'. There they were raped.

Along with other children, she was also regularly taken to a US military base, where they were treated with 'mind programming'. Some children were programmed as 'sex kittens', intended only for rape. Others were given extra preparation to enter the fashion, film, or music world.

Nathalie speaks of hundreds of thousands of girls and boys systematically raped by the royal, political, and military governments.

They were brought to parties of the rich, where they were raped on a stage. Nathalie recounts how some children are raped to death by the elite, and tortured to death, and how everything is filmed. This is a direct confirmation of Anne Marie van Blijenburgh's testimony.

Nathalie says she was taken to places of "all things royal, noble, elite, heads of politics and military".

She testified how she was taken to military locations, where many children entered an auditorium. The then Secretary General of Justice, Joris Demmink, entered there with his friends. The men who only "did boys" picked boys, the men who only "did girls" picked girls, including Nathalie Augustina.

    "These are all very horrific things, and the truth is even worse than what people want to know."

Nathalie says she returned to the Netherlands because she saw that a political party for pedophilia had been approved by the government. This party published the 'Handbook on Pedophilia' which explains, among other things, how to rape babies from zero to three years old.

She was court-martialed by an organization 'Scientific Journalism for Pedophilia' which claims that sexual relations between young children and adults contribute to preparing children as desired by the 'Dutch pedophile state'. This organization is funded by the government.
Abuse and Blackmailing

Many witnesses and insiders reveal that the torture, abuse and murder of children is used as a strategy to gain control over leaders in society. High-ranking people are set up to participate in these practices, which is captured on film. This footage is then later used to exert political pressure or for extortion. This worldwide method was confirmed by a member of Dutroux's notorious gang, Michel Nihoul (the Dutroux gang sacrificed children all throughout Europe).

"I have control of the government. Everyone has compromising files on each other, which can be used as leverage at the right time."

Michel Nihoul, member of Marc Dutroux's gang.
Quote from an interview with Der Spiegel in 2001
Tunnels Under Government Buildings

According to Nathalie, many underground corridors and rooms exist under the government headquarters, where she and many other children were abused by the political authorities for years. The existence of underground structures in the Binnenhof is confirmed by this video. Whether it concerns these specific tunnels I do not know, but this only shows that there are indeed underground structures under the government headquarters.

Extensive underground networks have also been built underneath the White House and other government buildings around the world. 
Monarch Mind Control

The next element in Augustina's testimony, is Monarch Mind Control, also known as MK Ultra. The video below gives a deeper view into this method, where children are programmed to be slaves to the rich. Many politicians, models, musicians, actors, etc. are being prepared in this way.
The CIA Deals Children

Nathalie testifies how she saw many children being taken to US military bases. This is confirmed by the video below, in which CIA officer John Kiriakou is speaking. He explains that there are no ethics within the CIA. There are no moral boundaries. Indeed, the essence of the CIA is that every law must be broken in order to do your spy job. When a CIA officer protests, he is told by his boss, 'Do your job. Don't ask questions. Do what you have to do.'

In exchange for information or cooperation, influential people demand money, power, and... children.
Former FBI Chief Speaks Out

Former Los Angeles FBI chief Ted Gunderson reveals in the videos below the widespread reality of satanic ritual abuse, and the international trafficking of children, for the wealthy top of the world.

Gunderson explains that there are underground chambers in the homes of many of these high ranking officials, that have been built specifically for this practice, so that it would always stay hidden.

    'They are experts at making sure nobody ever finds out about it', former FBI chief Gunderson says.

Abused For Years In
Famous Castles

Our next eyewitness is Toos Nijenhuis. As a child she was taken to all kinds of castles and palaces in Holland, Wales, Scotland, France, Germany and even to Saudi Arabia and Australia. Foreign castles that Toos mentions are: Caernarfon Castle near Ford William in Scotland and Castle Hohrenschwangau in Bavaria.

She also mentions names of the participants who belong to the highest circles of society.

She names Prince Bernard (Beatrix's father), Cardinal Alfrink, Lord Mountbatten (family of Prince Philip, husband of the British Queen), and the Pope (Paul IV or St. John Paul II).

Cardinal Alfrink

Lord Mountbatten

Prince Bernard

Toos explains that many castles and palaces have special torture chambers and rooms where children are kept prisoner. According to Toos, there was a camera in every room. This would mean that her testimony could be confirmed by film material, if it ever becomes available and someone is willing to examine this material.
toos nijenhuis

TOOS NIJENHUIS
Toos Nijenhuis was abused and tortured throughout her childhood by members of the Dutch royal family and high-ranking figures, including leaders within the Roman Catholic and Jewish Orthodox Churches.
White House Chief of Staff Owns
Child Abuse Art

Toos' testimony about torture chambers in castles brings us to this image. On the one hand, we see an underground pool, in the largest castle in America: Biltmore Estate. It is owned by the Vanderbilts, who were once America's richest family. CNN's famous news anchor Anderson Cooper, is one of her sons. 

In addition, you see two paintings that are part of the bizarre art collection of an influential man from Washington DC: John Podesta.

He was White House chief of staff under President Clinton and an advisor to President Obama.  

The artwork shows children being tortured in a swimming pool... which bears striking similarities to the pool at the Biltmore Castle. Why are there so many ropes hanging in the pool at Biltmore Castle? Why is there reddish-brown dirt at the bottom of the pool that looks like dried blood? Why did Gloria Vanderbilt, the late owner of this castle, create a large number of artworks of damaged baby dolls locked in Plexiglas cages?

It is also noteworthy that a children's book was written just about this castle. It tells of a girl with only four fingers and toes, who was found on the Vanderbilts' estate.

She witnesses how a man with a black cape makes several children disappear at the castle....

The former top US government official, and confidant to Clinton and Obama, not only has paintings of tortured children in his home. He also owns the 'art' below... Howling and crying children, locked in cages, carried by demons. 
The X-Files:
Child Abuse Networks

In 2004 BNN VARA, a large television broadcasting company in Europe, released a program called 'The X-Files'. In it, witnesses stated they had been raped from childhood by high-ranking figures in Brussels, Belgium. One of these witnesses, a young woman from Ghent, caused a stir in Belgium in 1997 with her statement about abuse and murder networks.

At least 43 children disappeared in Belgium between 1973 and 1995, some of whom were later found murdered. Regina Louf made very detailed statements in 1996 about the murder of three girls: Christine van Hees, Carine Dellaert and Katrien de Cuyper. The gendarmerie confirmed that she had knowledge that only an eyewitness could have and there were clear traces to the perpetrators.

Then the government intervened: the investigation was immediately halted. The media were called in to portray this eyewitness as a deranged fantasist.

REGINA LOUF
Regina Louf testified before the Belgian gendarmerie how she witnessed the abuse and murder of children. The gendarmerie confirmed the accuracy of her information and there were clear traces that would lead to the perpetrators.
Then the government shut down the investigation....
Abused By British Politicians

The next testimony comes from the United Kingdom. Richard Kerr literally confesses to everything we have seen so far: he was systematically raped for years by very powerful individuals in British politics. Miraculously, he survived, and after decades, he found the strength to come out with his story.

As a teenager Richard was exchanged for years as an object, a so-called 'toy-boy', between the elite in England. 

He mentions Dolphin Square, a luxurious complex for military police and the British Secret Service, as one of the locations to which he was taken. After thirty years he returned to these and other places, together with his therapist, to process his past.

RICHARD KERR
Richard Kerr was abused as a child for years by top figures in politics, the military, secret services and police of England. Like Anne Marie, Ronald, Nathalie, and Regina, Richard testifies to an extensive network of sadistic pedophilia within the highest circles of society.
White House Officials Accused

Jessica Collins is an American woman, who has been abused for 17 years, in the same way as described by all previous eyewitnesses. She mentions Jeffrey Epstein, who had close ties with Bill Gates, and dozens of high ranking celebrities, businessmen, politicians, media personalities and film producers in the USA. Jessica explains how she was abducted, drugged and abused, by British Prince Andrew Windsor, who was also a military commander.
jessica collins

JESSICA COLLINS
Jessica Collins claims she was abused by Joe Biden, and several other people who are currently in the White House.
Australian Top Politicians Accused

Fiona Barnett from Australia came forward with the exast same testimony, as all the other surviving victims we have seen in this report. The detailed similarities of everything they describe is undeniable evidence of the truth of their experiences. Fiona testifies how she was abused all throughout her childhood, by the top politicians of Australia. When she tried to report it, she found even more trauma:

no matter where she turned - be it the police or the judiciary - she was ridiculed, and turned away. 

Fiona Barnett from Australia came forward with the exast same testimony, as all the other surviving victims we have seen in this report. The detailed similarities of everything they describe is undeniable evidence of the truth of their experiences. Fiona testifies how she was abused all throughout her childhood, by the top politicians of Australia. When she tried to report it, she found even more trauma:

no matter where she turned - be it the police or the judiciary - she was ridiculed, and turned away. 

FIONA BARNETT
Fiona Barnett testifies of being abused by top politicians in Australia, all throughout her childhood.

Recently the extreme perversion of Australian members of parliament was exposed, and even made it to some media outlets, that are usually paid to hide this kind of information.
Top Man UNICEF, UN & WHO
Rapes Children

Occasionally, one of the high-ranking figures is caught and arrested, as happened to Peter Dalglish. He held high positions within the United Nations, UNICEF and the World Health Organization, and was founder of an international movement helping street children. He was awarded the Order of Canada for his outstanding humanitarian work.

In reality, his activities turned out to be cover-ups for abuse of unprotected children.

Police in Nepal had received a tip and were able to catch this monster in the act, molesting two boys aged 12 and 14. He received only nine years in prison.
Children For Sale Online

Several mega webstores like WayFair & Etsy are suspected of allowing child trafficking. The children are offered as furniture, that costs a fortune, while the products carry the same name of the missing children. Here are a few examples...

This is a pillow that costs 10,000 USD, with the same name of a missing girl: Dunning. Below that is a flimsy cabinet offered for the price of 13,000 USD, again with the same name of a missing child: Samyiah.
wayfair child trafficking
wayfair child trafficking

On Etsy a seller is offering 'Belle' with the picture of a pretty Disney character, for the price of 50,594.49 USD.

These examples are of course only illustrating a criminal operation of proportions that none of us can imagine. See the images below of children in cages...
child trafficking
Facebook #1 Hub
for Child Abuse

SWFI, a global resource for institutional investors, published the following statement:

    "In 2019 there were nearly 17 million reported cases of online child sexual abuse material (CSAM), 94% of which stemmed from Facebook, according to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. As the world’s largest social media company and the largest facilitator of reported child sex abuse online–Facebook’s actions will, for better or worse, have a major impact on global child safety."

    "Facebook is by far and away the world’s largest source of online child sexual abuse materials."

Russia warned Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook, that he would face sky-high fines if he continued to allow this content .

However, groups that advocate for the freedom of their country are being thrown off Facebook. Last year, Facebook removed thousands of groups fighting for freedom, while groups of child abuse are allowed to stay.

The same is true of Twitter. Russia has restricted Twitter, thus forcing its director Jack Dorsey to remove from Twitter in Russia all content that encourages the abuse of children. Also many posts encouraging children to commit suicide are simply allowed on Twitter. Shortly after this exposure of far-reaching perversion and violence on Twitter, Jack Dorsey resigned.
Film: Sound of Freedom

Sound Of Freedom is a major motion picture masterpiece based on the inspirational true story of Tim Ballard, an EX-CIA agent who left Homeland Security to create a dream team of special forces, who conduct missions to rescue children from traffickers. 
tim ballard

SOUND OF FREEDOM
Sound of Freedom is an inspiring story based on true events that sheds light on the grim reality of child sex trafficking. It is the true story of a man who risks everything to bring a ray of light and hope to the most hidden corners of our world, seeking to save children chained in the dark
Satanism of the Elite

As Ronald Bernard testified at the beginning of this report, Satanism - also called Luciferianism - is the dark gateway to unlimited wealth and power. Only those who participate in it gain access to the high positions, and opportunities to become wealthy. This is indeed evident, if we look, for example, at one of the richest families on earth: the Rothschilds. They own the central banks of 165 countries. A central bank is above all other commercial banks. So, in effect, the Rothschilds control the flow of money around the world. The picture below clearly shows the balance of power, between the Rothschilds and, for example, the British royal family.

The multimillionaire Evelyn de Rothschild is shamelessly poking his finger on the chest of Prince Charles!

Although involvement in Satanism is carefully hidden from the masses, at some point photos of a party of the Rothschilds leaked out. From the images it is clear what we are dealing with.... On December 12, 1972, Marie-Hélène de Rothschild organized a Surrealist Ball at Château de Ferrières, one of their castles.

As she welcomed guests, the hostess wore the head of a horned animal, a well-known symbol within Satanism.

A victim of organized abuse by the wealthy elite, under the pseudonym Rose, stated that at one of the rituals her father was present, apparently drugged, with a deer antler on his head. Exactly as we see here with the Rothschilds. 
rothschild evil satanism

The way tables were decorated needs no further explanation.... Statues of children, with severed heads and limbs.
rothschild dinner child ritual

On other tables, naked mannequins were on display....
naked woman dinner rothschild

That the richest family in the world is involved in Satanism is no secret. Baroness Philippine W.P. de Rothschild regularly wore a necklace with the head of a devil, goat or ram, the typical symbols for Satan.

Baron Joseph de Rothschild - who arranged and financed the creation of the modern state of Israel - poses here with noted satanic artist Marina Abramovic for a painting titled:

'Satan summons his hordes from the underworld'.

Abramovic is an artist who is particularly appreciated by the high-ups in our world. She organizes parties for politicians, businessmen and Hollywood stars, under the name 'Spirit Cooking'. Below is a photo of one such elite party.
hollywood cannibalism

People are also being imitated and can be eaten. Next to Abramovic taking a scoop of 'blood' is Lady Gaga, who sang the American national anthem during Joe Biden's inauguration.

Although Abramovic denies being a Satanist, her 'art' speaks for itself: she has herself photographed with a dead goat's head, and she paints a pentagram on a woman's belly. Both are distinct symbols of Satanism.

The snake and horns with which Abramovic adorns herself speak volumes

A well-known statue used worldwide within satanic cults is shown below: a human body, with goat legs and the head of a goat.

Next to the devil figure are... two children. The abuse and sacrifice of children to the powers of darkness, is the central element in Satanism. This is also reflected in Abramovic's art. On the left, you see an image of a bound child, drenched in blood.

In the world of pedophilia, code words are used. The code word for a young girl is.... pizza. A boy is a hot dog, while a very small boy is 'pasta'. An orgy with little boys is 'pasta sauce', etc.
The President
Who Took On Child Abusers

Shortly after becoming President, Trump announced that his administration would make it a priority to put an end to these horrific practices. The news report below reported on this, and the term Pizzagate is mentioned in the process. 

All over the world, the word and hashtag #PIZZAGATE is being used to name the crime of child abuse by the world's high-ups. If you search the Internet for 'evidence for pizzagate', you will see the most horrible things. Please be careful because it can be traumatizing. Protect yourself.

Trump was the first American President to take massive action to end human trafficking, in America and worldwide. He signed several executive orders for this purpose.
donald trump human trafficking

During the first term of Trumps' presidency many key arrests were made, for example of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislain Maxwell, who abducted large numbers of youngsters, whom they then offered to many celebrities, politicians, and elitists. They flew to Epstein Island, where they could 'consume' these victims.

Former president Bill Clinton, Hollywood film producer Steven Spielberg, vaccine dealer Bill Gates and hundreds of others were found on flight logs from Epstein Island. Trump put an end to that.

There have also been many arrests of smaller scale human trafficking networks, where thousands of children were set free.

What is interesting, is that right after Trump entered office, dozens of CEO's of major corporations resigned... What were they suddenly afraid of? 

Biden meanwhile...

Well, just look at these images:
biden pedophile

And these were the kind of images found on his son's laptop, Hunter Biden... 
Hunter Biden child abuse laptop images
Hunter Biden child abuse laptop images

I have personally seen several videos, showing Hunter Biden engaging in all kinds of sexual acts with multiple children. These have however been scrubbed from the internet, but I believe much will be released again soon. 

To be continued...

</s>

The New World Order’s main focus is complete world dominance. Population control, better known as Depopulation, is the UN’s tool to annihilate the majority of the masses, so that no more than 500 million people are left on the face of the earth. A neat number, easy to control, dominate and subjugate. How are we, the people, being attacked in the name of population control? By means of 10 different Extinction Tools. Let’s take a look at the first 4: wars, (natural?) disasters, famine & drought, and plagues & diseases…
Part 15
Depopulation
Extinction Tools Numbers 5-7

</s>

Knights of Malta

The Knights of Malta is a Vatican operation that is claimed to be behind many of the secret and covert operations going on throughout the world. For example, the CIA was said to be set up by the Knights of Malta and the executive members are all said to be Knights of Malta. Many people of power in high places are Knights of Malta and as such are loyal not to their country or business, but to the Pope and the Vatican.

It is said that most Knights of Malta have diplomatic immunity and are able to ship goods and undergo business without undergoing customs checks in other countries. The Knights of Malta are also said to be closely tied to other European and American Freemasonic Orders as well as higher levels of the Mafia.

</s>

Federal Reserve Created For Economic Terrorism

The Federal Reserve is not Federal, nor does it have reserves. The Federal Reserve was established in 1913 by a group of very clever bankers and politicians under the sponsorship of the Rothschilds. These bankers knew that if they could control the money supply of the United States, like their families had done before in places such as England, then they would be able to generate huge profits while crippling the United States of America.

The Federal Reserve has been constructed in such as way whereas the profits are privatized to a small group of bankers, and the losses are socialized to the general public through taxes and inflation. By controlling the money supply these private bankers are able to change the rate of inflation and deflation through interest rates and credit. Since most people know very little about banking the Fed is easily able to create crises after crises and profit from the people along the way.

The Federal Reserve has never been audited and it operates above the control of the President of the United States and Congress. While the President may appoint the Fed Chairman, once he is appointed he has no oversight above him. The Fed Chairman along with the owners of the Federal Reserve, direct the direction of the nation much more than Congress ever could. The nation is completely submissive to the economic conditions created by the Fed.

On July 26, 1983 a list of the member banks holding Federal Reserve Bank of New York stock was leaked. The top 3 stock holding member banks were: Citibank, Chase Manhattan Bank and Morgan Guaranty Trust.

</s>

Asteroid Belt

Some people believe that what we now call the Asteroid Belt is not a collection of asteroids, but rather the remains of a planet that has been completely obliterated. What planet the Asteroid Belt is the remains of is up for debate.

There was said to have been a great war between two technologically advanced groups of beings in our ancient history and this war resulted in the destruction of a planet called Tiamat. 1/2 of Tiamat became the Asteroid Belt while the other 1/2 became Earth.

</s>

Americans appear too divided and distracted to recognize that the architects of the Patriot Act and the failed War on Terror now have their sights set on the American homeland.

The first week of 2021 kicked off with chaos at the Capitol in Washington D.C. Was it a protest, a riot or an insurrection? Were there provocateurs, and if so, were they Antifa, the cops, and/or the Feds? As usual, everyone on the internet thinks they know the answer within ten minutes. Unfortunately, this genuinely leads to the spreading of unfounded theories – many based on nothing but speculation and emotion. But while the public is debating over theories and arguing amongst themselves, the newly emboldened Military Industrial Complex is eagerly anticipating the incoming Biden Administration as an opportunity to expand the War on Domestic Terror.

In the immediate aftermath of the “storming of the Capitol”, the media pundits, intelligence community, and politicians began foaming at the mouth in excitement over the chance to push through Domestic Terror legislation. Michigan representative Elissa Slotkin, also former Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense and CIA analyst, said, “the post 9/11 era is over. The single greatest national security threat right now is our internal division. The threat of domestic terrorism.” Slotkin went on to say that she urges the Biden administration to “understand that the greatest threat now is internal.”

    The post 9/11 era is over. The single greatest national security threat right now is our internal division. The threat of domestic terrorism. The polarization that threatens our democracy. If we don't reconnect our two Americas, the threats will not have to come from the outside. pic.twitter.com/ADgGcf7qEo

    — Rep. Elissa Slotkin (@RepSlotkin) January 8, 2021

TLAV writer Whitney Webb responded to Slotkin’s comment by reminding the audience that, “before Congress, Elissa worked for the CIA and the Pentagon and helped destabilize the Middle East during the Bush and Obama admins. What she says here is essentially an open announcement that the US has moved from the “War on [foreign] terror” to the “War on domestic terror”.”

The Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) also reportedly released a bulletin warning that “domestic extremists” are planning a nationwide protest to stop Joe Biden from being sworn in as President. According to ABC News, “The FBI has also received information in recent days on a group calling for “storming” state, local and federal government courthouses and administrative buildings in the event President Donald Trump is removed from office prior to Inauguration Day. The group is also planning to “storm” government offices in every state the day President-elect Joe Biden will be inaugurated, regardless of whether the states certified electoral votes for Biden or Trump.”

Since the bulletin has not been publicly released the report should be viewed skeptically. However, it’s only one of many emerging reports and articles stoking the flames of civil war and internal chaos. The fact of the matter is that this is not a new attempt to demonize the American people. This current effort is simply a continuation of the effort to label Americans as terrorists that has been taking place since at least the mid-1990’s following the Oklahoma City bombing false flag. These efforts were expanded further after the attacks of 9/11. In fact, as most readers know by now, it was Joe Biden who wrote the anti-terror legislation in the 90’s which became the basis for the Patriot ACT after 9/11.

While the “War on Terror” launched by the George W. Bush administration was focused on imaginary enemies in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Iran, Syria, and elsewhere, there has also been a steady push to focus on the American public. In the first years of the Obama administration we saw the rise of the “Tea Party” movement, the American Libertarian movement, and Liberal Progressives who opposed the war machine, the surveillance state, and the militarization of the police. Organizations like the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) did their best to label activists “extremists” for constitutionally protected activism and organizing. In 2010, the SPLC even came up with a “Patriot Hit List” of so-called extremists.

The post-9/11 era saw the creation of Fusion Centers; centralized systems that pool and analyze intelligence from federal, state, local, and private sector entities. The National Network of Fusion Centers was created after the 9/11 attacks to provide for more streamlined communication between federal and local agencies. The Fusion Centers have been criticized as violations of civil liberties and a danger to separation of federal and local governments. They have been exposed for targeting of protesters of the Dakota Access Pipeline and most infamously, in 2009 it was revealed that the Missouri Information Analysis Center (MIAC) was targeting supporters of third party candidates, Ron Paul supporters, anti-abortion activists, and “conspiracy theorists” as potential domestic extremists.

The 2010’s also saw the passing of the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act which included provisions allowing for indefinitely detaining Americans who have been labeled potential terrorists. Under these provisions, Americans lose the ability to have access to a lawyer and the right to a speedy trial. The measures were approved every year during the Obama and Trump administrations.

The truth is that the United States has long been pushing for a focus on Domestic Terror and Extremism, and regardless of what really happened at the Capitol on January 6, the event is being used as a way to justify the push for strengthening domestic terror legislation.

Another organization that is helping propel the “rise of domestic terror” narrative is the Center for Strategic & International Studies (CSIS), an organization with deep ties to the intelligence community and Western Military Industrial Complex. In October, the CSIS released a study claiming that two-thirds of the terrorist plots and attacks in the United States in the first eight months of 2020 were carried out by white supremacists and like-minded extremists. Coincidentally, journalist John Vibes recently reported that, “the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) is listed as the “most recent employment” for three selections on Biden’s Department of Defense agency review team: Kathleen Hicks, who is a former defense official under President Barack Obama, as well as Melissa Dalton, and Andrew Hunter.”

The most likely candidate for new domestic terror legislation is the “The Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act”, originally passed by the House in 2020, would create “dedicated domestic terrorism offices within the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and monitor domestic terrorist activity and require the Federal Government to take steps to prevent domestic terrorism.”

Illinois Senator Dick Durbin has already promised to reintroduce the bill in the coming days. “Senate Democrats, along with the Biden administration, will work together to investigate, expose, and hold accountable domestic terrorism threats in our country,” Durbin and Sen. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a joint statement. The bill also has support from the Anti-Defamation League and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.

Another domestic terror bill that has previously been considered is the “Confronting the Threat of Domestic Terror Act”. The bill was introduced by Rep. Adam Schiff, who claimed that “the legislation is narrowly crafted and includes protections to ensure it is not misused.” However, the American Civil Liberties Union warned, “people of color and other marginalized communities have long been targeted under domestic terrorism authorities for unfair and discriminatory surveillance, investigations, and prosecutions. Law enforcement agencies’ use of these authorities undermines and has violated equal protection, due process, and First Amendment rights.”

This is a crucial time for the American experiment. Will the American people allow themselves to be divided to the point of calling for domestic terror legislation to be used on their neighbors, co-workers, friends and family? With the public inundated with fears of civil war, stolen elections, rampant disinformation, and general exhaustion with COVID-19 measures, it appears to be a very critical moment which may decide whether America is destined for a renewed desire for liberty, truth, and free speech, or an accelerated push towards tyranny.

</s>

AIDS Created In Lab

There are numerous conspiracies as to the origins of the AIDS virus. The most popular theory is that it was created in a military lab by the United States government. The purpose of the virus was twofold: 1) as a political/ethnic weapon against Africans and "lower races" and 2) as a tool for depopulation.

It is also widely believed that the virus was introduced into the population through Hepatitis B experiments that were performed on gay and bisexual men in the late 70s. The official stance of the scientific community is that AIDS originated in African in the 1930s from the closely related Simian Immunodeficiency Virus.

</s>

A similar testimony comes from an anonymous nurse at another hospital in New York. This woman cries out in sheer despair, about the murders she constantly sees happening on her ward.
Every time she said anything about it, she was moved to a different department.

All her attempts to knock on the door of official bodies proved fruitless. In the end she made a video which she shared on the internet (8B). 

‘People, I'm not stupid. I know some people are dying of Covid, but people are literally being murdered here. Yeah, because if you put someone with a stable heart rate of 40 on the defibrillator, that's murder. And if you increase the pressure too much and inflate their lungs from the inside, that's murder.’

NURSE FROM NEW YORK
'Orders from above'

</s>

About Marina Abramovic, Spirit Cooking, the Brazilian healer John of God, 8 cases of alleged suicides by hanging from a doorknob (Dolores Zorreguieta, L’Wren Scott, Chris Cornell, Chester Bennington, Tim Bergling (Avicii), Annabelle Neilson, Aaron Swartz, Kate Spade, Anthony Bourdain), the wrath of Hillary Clinton. About worshipping the devil, normalizing cannibalism, the Church of Satan, statues of Moloch. About the Dutch royal family, the Nazi connection, Operation Paperclip, Bariloche, the Bilderberg Group…
Part 8 
Beyond kings & queens

</s>

Philadelphia Experiment

The Philadelphia Experiment was a test that occurred within the US Navy in 1943 to test Einstein's Unified Field Theory in an effort to bend space and time. The story goes that the U.S.S. Eldridge ship completely disappeared, was transported 200 miles into Norfolk, Virginia, and then later reappeared back in its original location.

There were also said to be sailors on board the ship during this event and that many of them reappeared confused and traumatized from the event. Some were even said to have been rematerialized partly in the metal of the ship when they reappeared.

</s>

Bilderberg Group

The Bilderberg Group is one of the most elite organizations in existence. Every year a group of around 100 - 200 of the world's most powerful bankers, businessmen and politicians get together to discuss and plan out the world agenda. The first Bilderberg meeting occured on May 29, 1954 at the Bilderberg Hotel in the Netherlands, which is where this group gets its name.

The Bilderberg Group meetings are completely private and closed to the public. The media is also not allowed to film the events. Everything that is discussed in these meetings is done through closed doors and in secrecy. Membership to the Bilderberg Group is by invite only which is controlled by a group called the Steering Committee. The small core of the Bilderberg Group works with the larger group of invitees to plan ways to carry out their goals using the resources of the invitees.

The Bilderberg Group sits on top of other quasi-secret societies such as the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) involving the United States, the Royal Institute of International Affairs (RIIA) involving Western Europe, and the Trilateral Commission involving Japan. In fact, the Trilateral Commission was created by a Bilderberg Group member, David Rockefeller, after a 1972 Bilderberg meeting. The Bilderberg Group and the families and individuals involved are closely related to earlier secret societies such as the Round Table, Committee of 300 and even the Black Nobility of 12th century Europe.

</s>

Cell Phones

Since the introduction of cell phones into everyday life questions have been raised about how safe they really are to use. A number of people point out how cell phones are really just miniature microwaves pressed up against our heads. They say the cell phones are slowly frying us and they point out that studies have been shown that cell phones are linked to cancer and brain tumors.

Aside from the health issues people also think that cell phones are tracked by the government and that they are able to monitor our calls. Generally speaking it is illegal for the government to track calls without a warrant, however, some people contend that there are many creative ways the government is able to get around this.

</s>

Pearl Harbor Was Allowed To Occur

It is said that President Roosevelt and other United States officials were aware that the Pearl Harbor attack was going to occur and that these officials allowed the Japanese to attack in order to bring the American people into World War II. At that time the American people didn't want anything to do with the war and in an effort to change their minds an unprovoked attack by the Japanese was used as a catalyst for entering into war against the Axis nations. The following day after the Pearl Harbor attack war was declared on Japan.

Several high ranking officials have given testimony stating that many of the officials were well aware of the attacks ahead of time and that orders were given to not prepare defenses and that they need the full support of the American Nation in a ware time effort.

</s>

Francis Bacon Was Shakespeare

William Shakespeare, one of the world's greatest English writers of all time, is an enigma when it comes to who he really was. There is very little history about Shakespeare and what we do know is that the schools he went to were very low level and he had a disregard for study. There is nothing known about the life of Shakespeare that would justify the high level writings that are attributed to him.

Therefore, many people believe that the writings of Shakespeare were actually created by somebody else and then imputed to him. The most popular candidate for these writings is the highly educated and articulate Sir Francis Bacon. It is said that there are many clues that point to the authorship of Francis Bacon in many of the plays if one looks close enough and reads between the lines.

</s>

Banco Ambrosiano Collapse

The Banco Ambrosiano collapse was an event that opened up the veil behind the Vatican, Propaganda Due (P2) Masonry and the Mafia underworld. Banco Ambrosiano was one of the largest Italian banks that was used for a number of illegal activities. Behind this illegal activity was the bank chairman Robert Calvi, Vatican Bank President Archbishop Marcinkus, Venerable Master of P2 Licio Gelli and Mafia financier Michele Sindona.

Banco Ambrosiano was one of the many banks being used to transfer billions of dollars in various illegal activities. When the bank went bankrupt everyone pulled millions of dollars and fled the scene. Event after event was uncovered which linked many of the illegal activities to these Masonic organizations. Robert Calvi faced a symbolic murder where he was hung from the Blackfriars Bridge in London.

</s>

Let’s explore some more Extinction Tools! Number 5 on our list: Additives in food, water, beauty, care & cleaning products. You’ll be shocked to see that by design, purposefully, our food and water have been poisoned with substances that cause cancer, infertility, and that destroy our nervous system. Think aspartame, fluoride, xeno-oestrogens, heavy metals, magnetic particles… Number 6 on our list: GMOs, notorious for causing cancer and destroying ecosystems. And number 7 on our list: Family Planning. Abortion, gender confusion (LGBTQIA+) and teaching sex to children at the age of 5, all supported and financed by the UN…
Part 16
Depopulation
Extinction Tools Numbers 8-9